Touch up internal tools tutorial (#95)
teamkeel/docs: pages/internal-tools-tutorial/listing-data.mdx

As we recall, this is our full schema from the previous section:

```keel
model Product {
    fields {
        name Text
        description Text?
        imageUrl Text?
        stock StockItem[]
    }
}

model StockItem {
    fields {
        product Product
        quantity Number
        location StockLocation
    }
}

model StockLocation {
    fields {
        name Text @unique
        items StockItem[]
    }
}
```

## Creating a list action

Let's augment it with a `list` action on the `Product` model:

```keel {9-11}
model Product {
    fields {
        name Text
        description Text?
        imageUrl Text?
        stock StockItem[]
    }

    actions {
        list listProducts()
    }
}

// Other models omitted for brevity
```

Now, if we `git push` this and deploy it to Keel, we can see the new action in the Console:

![First action](/internal-tools-tutorial-first-action.png)

However, when we try to run this action, we get an error:

![No permission set](/internal-tools-tutorial-no-permission.png)

This is because Keel is secure by default and requires you to explicitly set permissions for each action. Let's do that now.

## Setting permissions

> In order for a Console user to be able to run any action they need [permissions](/permissions). Since the Keel Console provides the context of authenticated user, you can safely use `ctx.isAuthenticated` with no extra configuration.

Reviewer: I think we could explain here the difference between using `ctx.isAuthenticated` and roles, for example:

```suggestion
In order for a Console user to be able to run any action they need [permissions](/permissions). If you want to just allow anyone with access to your Keel project to run an action you can use the expression `ctx.isAuthenticated`. If you want only certain members of your team to be able to use an action you can use [roles](/permissions#roles).
```

Reviewer: Also - `ctx.isAuthenticated` will allow _any authenticated user_ to use that action over your API's, so it's actually unlikely you want this, as it would let your customers/users use the action.

Realistically for tools - you're going to want to lock them down with roles.
